WELCOME CHAMPION!
------------------------

We are really proud to have you among our users.
Below are the summary data for login. 
Please keep this email and do not lose it.

User Name: *|EMAIL|*
Password *|PASSWORD|*

About Funny Gain:
------------------------

As you know Funny Gain is the first platform in the world that organizes videogames tournaments for smartphones.
We are particularly proud of this and the fact that it's all free.

The awards will be directly delivered to your home (do not forget to fill out your profile by entering your name and your address).

Your privacy is very important to us, so <strong> other players will see only your Alias and your Headline.
No one will have access to sensitive data such as emails, address and real name.

Opening the App frequently you will notice several changes over time.
The more your profile grows and more will be pleasant surprises.

About Tournaments:
------------------------

There are various types of tournament, some visible at a national level,
other international and some local only.
Some tournaments have a registration fee in Funny Coins , our internal virtual currency.

Watch carefully the tournament page to find out the awards and how to participate.
Sometimes enroll in a tournament is not easy.
There are tournaments that require an access code, others completely free.
You decide in which to participate, the important thing is to have fun.

Once inside the Tournament you can spy on profiles of others players.
Study carefully opponents because the number of games allowed in each Tournament is limited.
Choose carefully your moves, the winning tactic is never taken for granted!

About Funny Coins:
------------------------

You need not worry too much about Funny Coin because every game that you will do
even receive a prize in Funny Coin.
Also every day that you come in the "Play Center" will have the opportunity to access new challenges (this also depends on your profile).

------------------------

COME ON, START IMMEDIATELY TO TRAIN IN "PLAY CENTER" FOR NEXT TOURNAMENT!

AND DON'T FORGET TO TALK ABOUT US TO YOUR FRIENDS!

------------------------

The Funny Gain Staff.
